improved drawing for observability strategy (#708)
kyma-project/community: concepts/observability-strategy/configurable-tracing/03-tracing-pocs.md

- Istio
- Serverless

> The [w3c-tracecontext](./pocs/w3c-tracecontext/README.md) proves that Kyma Serverless and EVenting supports w3c-tracecontext native. Istio can be enabled for it via the openCensusAgent tracer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [w3c-tracecontext](./pocs/w3c-tracecontext/README.md) proves that Kyma Serverless and Eventing supports w3c-tracecontext natively. Istio can be enabled for it with the openCensusAgent tracer.
```

Is it relevant to include/exclude trace data by Namespace or container? (Results in incomplete traces?)
Is it relevant to include/exclude trace data by attributes? (Attributes might differ in the spans for one trace? Results in incomplete traces)

## Can istio/envoy report spans via OTLP already, what is with w3c-tracecontext support?

> There is no way at the moment to let Istio send trace data to a backends in OTLP protocol. The [envoy-otel](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/issues/9958) integration made very good progress already and support will be provided soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, there is no way to let Istio send trace data to a backends in OTLP protocol. The [envoy-otel](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/issues/9958) integration made very good progress already and support will be provided soon.
```

> You can enable w3c-tracecontext support already via the openCensusAgent tracer. That will change the data protocol from current zipkin to openCensus. As Jaeger does not support OpenCensus protocol, an otel-collector deployment as converter in the middle is required. The [w3c-tracecontext](./pocs/w3c-tracecontext/README.md) will outline how to enable it with an E2E scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the data protocol from current Zipkin to OpenCensus, [enable w3c-tracecontext](./pocs/w3c-tracecontext/README.md) support with the openCensusAgent tracer. Because Jaeger does not support the OpenCensus protocol, you need an otel-collector deployment as converter in the middle.
```

Maybe we can drop the last sentence?

Author: ```suggestion
Istio can be configured to use the w3c-tracecontext for trace propagation already. However, that cannot be achieved by a native Istio feature directly, but by using the `openCensusAgent tracer` instead of the `zipkin` tracer. That will change the data protocol from current zipkin to openCensus. As Jaeger does not support OpenCensus protocol, an otel-collector deployment as converter in the middle is required. The [w3c-tracecontext PoC](./pocs/w3c-tracecontext/README.md) provides such setup.
```

Reviewer: I'd prefer "because" instead of "as" but that shan't block the PR ;)

## How pipeline isolation can be achieved, is it feasible at all?

> The goal of the TracePipeline is to push trace data to multiple destinations using a different set of processors or sampling strategies. How an isolation of these pipelines can be achieved on base of the otel-collector? If one destination is down, can the other destination be continued?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of the TracePipeline is to push trace data to multiple destinations using a different set of processors or sampling strategies. How can an isolation of these pipelines be achieved based on the otel-collector? If one destination is down, can the other destination be continued?
```
